Guiding lights:
	What would Sabrina like? -> Accesories, outfits, cute stuff, creepy stuff
	Is it fun?
	Does it have the spirit of Tylermon 1?


Features to make it playtest ready:
	Oct 1st goals:
		Customizing creature screen - color and name, if time, body randomizer?
		End/Show winner + restart at the end of the game
		More Accessories
		1 more body type - redo the bat
		Rotate correct body parts
		
		
	Upgrade screen ui update? Show HP and stats in a col to the left of mon
	Charge attack need to do bigger attacks -> should these be more dramatic?
	Show winner at end of round - make them dance
	Log that prints the cards chosen by players, dictionary


Todo:
	Make controller joystick work (eventually)
	GDC talks on party games
	Add dancing
	Press left to show stats (?) if folks care about this?
	Place logic - 1st, 2nd, 3rd etc. based off of total player points
	Show preview of accessory or body part
	Sound - Background, effects etc.
	Modes - Quickplay, Regular etc. (5 rounds vs 10 rounds)
	Menus - sound, etc.
	Variable player amount
	Menu for naming creatures / creature colorss
	Backgrounds
	Save, play games to unlock accessories
	Achievements, like get 0 points, total kills > 100 etc.


Card ideas:
	Rainbow
	Summons (Sabrina loves these generally) spiders, bats, ghosts
	Change creature size, really big or really small - is this interesting? Was a little funny in TM1
	and does affect range / damage
	Poison slime trails? Slippery slime trails that speed the velocity up momentarily?
	Drop bombs, traps, bananas
	Turn all attacks into blocks
	Turn all attacks into charge attacks
	If you are in last place get bonus, first place get penalty
	Sparkles, glowing
	Extra damage at low health
	Blocking reflects damage
	Teleport
	Chain lightning
	Ghost twin, after death summon a ghost version of you that fights
	Exploding on death
	Crazy damage, only one hp
	Moves faster every 5 seconds of a round
	First hit is reflected back to the aggresor
	Auto repair bots
	Drop an egg, will hatch in 1 rounds and fight for you unless destroyed


General Ideas:
	Pick an egg, that determines starting body shape
	3 body shapes to choose from (or more if I have time)
	As they gain experience, they look cooler?
	Let players customize a character from the start? (Name/color...accessories?)
	Coop mode where you fight an NPC(s) or just against each other?
	Have multiple creatures? If so, they will need player outlines or something
	Different Idle options? Could bop, or dance or zone out etc.
	Do upgrade cards determine looks? Does's it tell you?
	Maybe on sudden death, zoom in / bounds get smaller


Potential issues:
	Not getting enough HP boosts -> can you get this from other cards? Secondary attributte
	Does HP matter if you're not dealing enough damage because we now have sudden death


Builds:
	Crit
		Crits more often, but less multiplier
	Life steal
	Block
	Poison
	Damage
	Attack Rate
	Summons
		Poop
			Poops twice as much


Playtest Notes:
	Carson solo play 9/4/2025
		Didn't know what poops do - add guns to ones that do damage?
		Didn't know what was shooting out the bullets (poops) confusing that it went through some folks and not others
		Wasn't clear on bomb card that it will hit himself
		couldn't read healthbar on green background
		Didn't know what crit mult was
		Success feedback on block needed
		Spiky block
			Animation + sound needed to show it happened
		Didn't know reroll rolled all cards
		Speed feels slow still - steering slows and speeds them up. add more? reduce lag?
		Carson didn't notice or know what sudden death is
			Sudden death caaaaan be long sometimes
		Bombs should flash before going off
